# Mocking Websockets with mockify.io

mockify.io allows you to create endless websockets within few clicks. You can create, update, delete websockets from the mockify.io dashboard.

## Configuration, client page
- To create new websocket, all you have to do is to navigate to the configuration tab, and click on the configure client page.
- Add new client credentials for the websocket microservice.
- Upon creation, the client will be able to connect to the wss service. WSS endpoint will be shown in the endpoint page, under each resource tab that belongs to a project with client credentials.

## client credentials OAuth 2.0 
- mockify.io uses OAuth 2.0 to authenticate the client credentials.
- The client credentials are used to authenticate the client to the server.
- In the handsahke process, the client sends the client credentials to the server, and the server authenticates the client credentials:
sample request:
```Bash
curl -i -N -H "Connection: Upgrade" \
     -H "Upgrade: websocket" \
     -H "Host: echo.websocket.org" \
     -H "Origin: http://websocket.org" \
     -H "Sec-WebSocket-Key: SGVsbG8sIHdvcmxkIQ==" \
     -H "Sec-WebSocket-Version: 13" \
     -H "id: your_id_value" \
     -H "secret: your_secret_value" \
     https://echo.websocket.org
```
- id header : client id value that is generated by mockify.io upon creating client credentials.
- secret header : client secret value that is generated by mockify.io upon creating client credentials.

## default behavior of each websocket
- Each websocket has a default behavior, which is to echo the message back to every client connected with the same id.

